UI Table - Add row selection config, fix column arrangement & preserve defined labels (#687)
FlowFuse/node-red-dashboard: docs/nodes/widgets/ui-table.md

    Size: Controls the width of the button with respect to the parent group. Maximum value is the width of the group.
    Label: The text shown within the button.
    Max Rows: Defines the maximum number of data-rows to render in the table. Excess rows will be available through pagination control.

>     Selection: Provides three options for table interaction - "None", "Multi Selection" and "Single Selection"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Selection: Provides three options for table interaction - "None", "Single Selection" and "Multi Selection"
```

Match docs ordering

>     Selection: Provides three options for table interaction - "None", "Multi Selection" and "Single Selection"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Selection: Provides three options for table interaction - "None", "Click" and "Checkbox"
```
update to align with last iteration
